dear God your presents graces the air
and soon a few Aussie hi you Maude yes
hi
it takes nothing special to mop up after
the dying
we're prettier than last time but to
save a soul has quite something
bless Amanda's body and well as her mind
but she's shrouded in darkness when you
pray with you get a response it's like
he's physically in me it's how he guides
me my little Saviour
[Music]
Hey what you up to on a private Kara
you're still nursing well I know what
happened oh the good girls cool cuz even
got her so I just want to see you loosen
up I've got more important things on my
mind
isn't real nothing worthwhile comes easy
[Music]
you must be the loneliest girl I've ever
seen I'm ready and open
I feel fuller of your love than ever
before I heard oh yes of course what if
I'm getting it all wrong
the good girls good
[Music]